README.md, before:


# Saphyra

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jodafons/saphyra.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/github/jodafons/saphyra)
[![PyPI Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/saphyra)](https://pypi.org/project/saphyra/)
[![Python Versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/saphyra)](https://github.com/jodafons/saphyra)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/jodafons/saphyra)](https://github.com/jodafons/saphyra)


The machine learning package for the LPS High Energy Physics (HEP) project developments. This framework uses the 
TensorFlow as core to call the machine learning training functions. 



## Requirements:

- tensorflow;
- keras;
- numpy;
- python;
- Gaugi;
- sklearn;


## Installation using pip:


```bash
pip3 install --upgrade saphyra
```
**NOTE**: Make sure that you are using the latest package in case you have the saphyra installed. 

## Installing from source:

* Clone this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/jodafons/saphyra
```

* Install it!

```bash
cd saphyra && easy_install --user .
```

## Docker:

```bash
docker run --network host -v $PWD:$HOME -it jodafons/saphyra:base
```


## Contribution:

- Dr. João Victor da Fonseca Pinto, UFRJ/COPPE, CERN/ATLAS (jodafons@lps.ufrj.br) [maintainer, developer]
- Dr. Werner Freund, UFRJ/COPPE, CERN/ATLAS (wsfreund@lps.ufrj.br) [developer]
- Msc. Micael Veríssimo de Araújo, UFRJ/COPPE, CERN/ATLAS (mverissi@lps.ufrj.br) [developer]

Commit message:

Cut off few python versions

README.md, after:


# Saphyra

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jodafons/saphyra.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/github/jodafons/saphyra)
[![PyPI Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/saphyra)](https://pypi.org/project/saphyra/)
[![Python Versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/saphyra)](https://github.com/jodafons/saphyra)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/jodafons/saphyra)](https://github.com/jodafons/saphyra)


The machine learning package for the LPS High Energy Physics (HEP) project developments. This framework uses the 
TensorFlow as core to call the machine learning training functions. 

## Disclaimer:

For `tensorflow` is, to this date, supported until Python 3.7 (read [here](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/issues/33374)) and
latest version of `sklearn` requires Python 3.6 or later, currently Saphyra supports Python 3.6 and 3.7 only. Any other custom setup
isn't guaranteed to work.

## Requirements:

- tensorflow;
- keras;
- numpy;
- python;
- Gaugi;
- sklearn;


## Installation using pip:


```bash
pip3 install --upgrade saphyra
```
**NOTE**: Make sure that you are using the latest package in case you have the saphyra installed. 

## Installing from source:

* Clone this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/jodafons/saphyra
```

* Install it!

```bash
cd saphyra && easy_install --user .
```

## Docker:

```bash
docker run --network host -v $PWD:$HOME -it jodafons/saphyra:base
```


## Contribution:

- Dr. João Victor da Fonseca Pinto, UFRJ/COPPE, CERN/ATLAS (jodafons@lps.ufrj.br) [maintainer, developer]
- Dr. Werner Freund, UFRJ/COPPE, CERN/ATLAS (wsfreund@lps.ufrj.br) [developer]
- Msc. Micael Veríssimo de Araújo, UFRJ/COPPE, CERN/ATLAS (mverissi@lps.ufrj.br) [developer]
